# Reflective - E-lit I

### Stephanie Krueger

## What Will Books Look Like In the Future?

The first thing I did to prepare for class this week was open all the readings in separate tabs on Google Chrome. I scrolled down to the end of each of them to get a sense of the time commitment of each piece. The last one I tried this with was _What Football Will Look Like In the Future?_ As I scrolled without yet reading, a void of black took over my browser, replaced by a calendar. I was immediately drawn in and forgot all about the other articles. This story was unlike any other I have ever read. I firmly believe that this story would not have the same effect in a different medium or especially in a  codex form. A lot of the themes that we discussed throughout class were highly applicable to our ongoing discussion of what a book is. 

The first theme that I found a real connection in was humans and the importance of play. On earth after 2026 according to our narrators, there were no more goals for people to work towards. Without the fear of mortality, starvation, or disease, many career paths and aspirations of modern humans disappeared. Given all this free time and a boundless horizon of it, humans needed to keep busy. As we learn from our human characters, this is done through play. Games of football and decade long challenges create aspirations and goals to keep life full of meaning. Even in modern life without the affordance of immortality, play has a vital role in social bonding, strategy learning, and positive experiences. Moreover, play has an important role in creating content like books. The creative process often invovles an aspect of play to bring a work to fruition, just like the planning of many complex games of football in 17776.

Another theme that I found a connection with was one of giving life to physical objects. In 17776, the author gave physicality to JUICE and Pioneer 9 and 10. Books are often works of creation that go from the author's mind into a more physical space, whether that be in a digital space, art, or a codex form.

Futhermore, just like they had no idea what form football would take in the future, we have no idea what forms books might take in the future. Gutenberg could not have envisioned all the formats and digital spaces we utilize in the technology age, and we can't even fathom what is yet to come. 