# Reflective - Zines

### Stephanie Krueger


When looking at the heading for this week, my first thought was that I had no idea what a zine was. I am pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed the discussion this week and how much I was inspired by it. I was most intrigued by the aspects of zines that are the multimedia experience and the private yet public aspects of it. 

After the zine activity on Wednesday, I felt so inspired by the experience of making my mini zine. I started just by making a funny little image about the stressors I was facing that day. I've been struggling with minimum co-op options as a marine biology majors (I have only found two to apply to), and this seemed like a prime way to explore that stress. As a college student, it isn't often that I have time to be creative purely to express myself rather than for a grade. Knowing that no one had to see what I was making other than those that I choose. Moreover, Pagan Kennedy made a fantastic point in _Zine_ that self publishing removes the chance for harsh criticism. It allows for a true creative process wherein there are no other agendas at play. I think as students, forms of art that are without grade and without judgement are vital for exploring how we feel. For this reason, I chose to alter my book proposal to fit the medium of the zine. I think it gives my book a much deeper meaning to create it for that audience of college students and address the transitional period we are in. 

I also love the idea of being able to disseminate information and create a social platform that is not accessible to everyone. Social media - even in smaller, 'private' communities, is never truly private. Everything you do online can be tracked and found by third parties. When so much of our lives are lived digtially, tangible self expression becomes that much more important. The multimedia experience also gives a sense that the work can't be reproduced by a simple photocopy. By including scratch and sniff stickers, 3D figures, and fun textures, the true experience can only be had as many times as the creator replicates it. 