# Reflection: E-lit II

### Stephanie Krueger

## The Internet as a Book

I have been thinking a lot more about Twitter Bots since we learned how to make them in class. I have been thinking mostly about if I think they are books themselves and how they fit into the ecology of the modern world wide web. Many bots do carry a valid purpose and meaning behind them. A great example is @genderoftheday. The bio states a very clear mission: "Genderbot lets us outsource our feelings about gender to a bot, which I think should free up a lot of mental space for other things." I think it could be a very freeing experience for people to follow this bot to have a daily reminder that gender can be fluid and any way you identify is valid! This bot can even have that effect even more by making all of its tweets very humerous, mocking the idea of gender. Some of my favorites include: "The gender of the day is a coalition of parrots" and "Today's gender is mostly hubris". I think bots like these can definitely be books - interacting with the audience and connecting them with the author's purpose. According to my definition from my book report and many others - it is a book.

However, I have also been thinking a lot about all the content on the web (including Twitter bots) that is the content of years past and may never be accessed again. Some websites and Twitter pages exist that may only have had human interaction for the brief moment that they were created. Moving forward, there will be more and more abandoned content on the web that gives more and more information about cultures past. It brings into question if the internet and everything it contains might be a book. It can be an encyclopedia of all the cultures, trends, hashtags, and people we have been. Those willing can contribute more content with their thoughts, photographs, and literature. It leads me to believe that the E-literature that I have explored are only pages of the book - part of a larger whole about our story as humans in the technology age. 

I don't believe that this characterization of the internet would negate any book-ness of e-literature  or books within the internet umbrella. It's bookception! _The Deletionist_ is a great example of a technology that can expose and create book-ness out of webpages that may not be for that purpose. 