# Book Project Proposal

### Stephanie Krueger

## Superherozine

### ~ Content ~
I plan to make a zine for this project. The theme of my zine will be about making sense out of nonsense - which I believe is a main function of most books, eespecially zines. In particular, I want my book to be about making sense of nonsense as college students and young adults - not quite children, but not yet adults either. There is so much in our worlds at this age that feels like complete nonsense. We have to navigate college, living in a city, rent, budgeting, and mental health among other things. One of the ways that I want to demonstrate this concept is through illustrations and descriptions of superheros. I will do this in two parts. In the first, I will use a list of superhero names generated by the neural network of _aiweirdness.com_ to create illustrations and descriptions of some of the "superherores" that it generated. In the second part, I will ask other students "What superhero do you need right now?" in the hopes that their answers will shed some light on the situation we are in as young adults. I have already asked a few friends to answer this question and have gotten answers like "Good Luck Man, Homeostasis Superhero, and CooksforMe Superhero". I think the combination of our responses as students and the neural networks generated responses shows two different forms of trying to make sense out of nonsense - which to me, constitutes a book.
### ~ Format ~
I think a zine is the perfect format for these thoughts because struggling to enter adult life is a theme in most of our lives and yet it is difficult to have a real conversation about. I think if I were to distribute some to other students or friends, it might provide some relief and realization that we are all going through the same process. I think it will also be interesting to explore taking the random answers of the neural network and compare them to the answers of students. Both answers are not meant to be taken seriously, but by taking both seriously anyway and making them real through drawing and description, we can reflect on what the answers say about us and what we need. Although "nonsense", the AI produced names will also be able to speak to society and culture because they were generated based on a set list of "real" superhero names. 
### ~ Skills ~
Many of the skills I will need to complete this project I already have. I do need to spend some time practicing the type of drawing I will do for the superheroes. I need to spend more time looking at zines for inspiration and figuring out formatting for each page. My skills in design and art haven't been used very much in college thus far as a science major.  
### ~ Materials and Equipment ~                              
To complete this project, I will need basic art materials such as colored pencils, markers, pens, construction paper, glue, scissors, etc. In addition, I may like to add some collage or multimedia elements like stickers or 3D textures. It was a great idea from Giordana today to find magazines around campus to use in zines like NUSci and Spectrum. There may be some digital elements I might like to explore such as digital coloring and scanning of pages. Any additional art materials beyond basics that I have I can acquire at Blick as I need it. 

### ~ Team ~
Although this will be a solo project, I may ask some friends and other students to contribute if they would like to design their own personal superhero. Otherwise, the only contributions from other people will be their answers to the question "What superhero do you need right now?"

### ~ Evaluation ~
My goal for this book is to explore the theme of transitioning to adulthood and how I feel that much of it is simply trying to make sense out of nonsense. I would like to finish the project with a completed zine of good quality and containing all the elements that I have described in the content section. Together, we will know if I have done this if I have the following: pleasing layout and design of all pages in the zine, completed illustrations and descriptions for the neural network superheroes, an introduction, and an exploration (perhaps some illustration) of the some of the superheroes named by students. We will know that I have not reached the extent of my goals if the pages are lacking in content, there is no written explanations or guides in the zine, or I do not fully explore the themes I have discussed. 









